---
title: Disclosures
search_engine_optimization:
  page_title: "Disclosures"
  page_description: ""
permalink: "/disclosures/"
layout: page
---
Intelligent Investing is a Northern Colorado based Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) offering personalized portfolio management for individuals, families, corporations and nonprofit organizations. The following disclosures contain information about our business operations:

* [ADV Part 2A and 2B](/assets/pdfs/20170301-ADV-Part-2A+2B-Intelligent-Investing.pdf){:target="_blank"}
* [Privacy Notice](/privacy)

Intelligent Investing is a state registered investment advisor located in Loveland, Colorado. Intelligent Investing and its representatives are in compliance with the current filing requirements imposed upon state registered investment advisers. Intelligent Investing may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. Intelligent Investing’s web site is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of Intelligent Investing’s web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as Intelligent Investing’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by Intelligent Investing with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of Intelligent Investing, please contact the state securities regulators for those states in which Intelligent Investing maintains a notice filing. A copy of Intelligent Investing’s current written disclosure statement Intelligent Investing’s business operations, services, and fees is available from Intelligent Investing upon written request. Intelligent Investing does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Intelligent Investing’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefor. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.

Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Therefore, no current or prospective client should assume that future performance of any specific investment, investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended or undertaken by Intelligent Investing) or product made reference to directly or indirectly by Intelligent Investing in its web site, or indirectly via a link to an unaffiliated third party web site, will be profitable or equal the corresponding indicated performance level(s). Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment will either be suitable or profitable for a client or prospective client’s investment portfolio. Historical performance results for investment indices and/or categories generally do not reflect the deduction of transaction and/or custodial charges, the deduction of an investment management fee, nor the impact of taxes, the incurrence of which would have the effect of decreasing historical performance results.

Certain portions of Intelligent Investing’s web site (i.e. newsletters, articles, commentaries, etc.) may contain a discussion of, and/or provide access to, Intelligent Investing’s (and those of other investment and non-investment professionals) positions and/or recommendations as of a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing market conditions, such discussion may no longer be reflective of current position(s) and/or recommendation(s). Moreover, no client or prospective client should assume that any such discussion serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from Intelligent Investing, or from any other investment professional. Intelligent Investing is not an attorney, and no portion of the web site content should be interpreted as legal advice.

To the extent that any client or prospective client utilizes any economic calculator or similar device contained within or linked to Intelligent Investing’s web site, the client and/or prospective client acknowledges and understands that the information resulting from the use of any such calculator/device, is not, and should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from Intelligent Investing, or from any other investment professional.

Each client and prospective client agrees, as a condition precedent to his/her/its access to Intelligent Investing’s web site, to release and hold harmless Intelligent Investing, its officers, directors, owners, employees and agents from any and all adverse consequences resulting from any of his/her/its actions and/or omissions which are independent of his/her/its receipt of personalized individual advice from Intelligent Investing.
